# Authors
Donald Queen

Kevin Filanowski

# Version: 
v1.0

Date: November 6, 2018

# Description
This project works with UDP and TCP implementations of a server and client
relationship and sending queries to servers from the client, receiving the query 
on the server side, sending objects from the server based on the query, and receiving
the objects on the client side. The objects in this particular project are Card objects
that mimic Magic the Gathering cards. 

# Compiling
The included .java files are compiled with:
`javac */*.java` from the /src directory

Once the files are compiled, the server is run with:
`java server/MagicServerDriver <udp|tcp> [port]` from the /src directory

Once the server is running, the client can then be run with:

        `java client/MagicClientDriver <tcp|udp> <host> [port] -[flag]`
        or: `java MagicClientDriver <tcp|udp> <host> -[flag]`
        or: `java MagicClientDriver <tcp|udp> <host> [port]`

from the /src directory 

# File Included

- bin directory that contains the binary files of the src directory
- src directory that contains three packages of java classes as well as a .csv file
  to read from. Those three packages are: 

    client, common, and server

- cards.csv - .csv file used to make the CardSource used in the server package.
client package -

    AbstractMagicClient.java - abstract class that contains fields
        and methods that may be common to implementations of the
        'magic' protocol.

    MagicClient.java - interface for a magic client component.

    MagicClientDriver.java - driver file that runs the client side of this program
        based on command line arguments.

    MagicTcpClient.java - magic client that uses the TCP network layer protocol.

    MagicUdpClient.java - magic client that uses the UDP network layer protocol.

common package -

    Card.java - represents simple cards in the game of magic the gathering.

    Type.java - enumeration class that defines the types of card a Magic the Gathering card can be.

server package -

    AbstractMagicServer.java  - an abstract class that contains fields and methods 
        that may be common to implementations of the 'chargen' server.

    CardSource.java -  class that defines the type of cards that can be returned for a deck 
        in Magic the Gathering.

    CardType.java - simple enumeration for Card Types.

    MagicServer.java - the interface to a magic server.

    MagicServerDriver.java -  the main driver for a magic server, which can be tcp or udp 
        depending on command line arguments.

    MagicServerException.java - class that provides an abstract exception that can be generated by any
         magic server. This can be used to "wrap" other exceptions generated by server implementations.

    TcpMagicServer.java -  class that represents a concrete implementation of a magic server that
        uses the TCP transport layer protocol.

    UdpMagicServer.java - class that represents a concrete implementation of a magic server
        that uses the UDP transport layer protocol.
    

    
